Welcome back. Hopefully, you learned a lot from
the two examples shown so far throughout this lesson.
The goal was to help you learn these examples but also to help convince you just
how important it actually is to make sure you're up on the latest research in this field.
As you'll see, there are many other ways contracts can be
hacked and it really takes seeing them to understand how it could happen.
For that reason, the rest of this lesson won't do
the same deep dives on every single possibility.
Instead, I'll guide you towards the resources research, best practices,
and tools needed to help put you in
the best possible position to continue learning these ideas in the future.
This will help ensure you're set up for success well
beyond this lesson to utilize these resources for yourself.
To start, in this video,
we'll head over to the solidity documentation
to see their written security considerations,
common patterns, and style guides.
As we get to each of them,
I'll describe in a little more detail how you can
utilize these to build more secure smart contracts.
First, let's head over to the solidity site.
You can find the link to their security considerations down below the video.
Take some time now to read through this page,
they update their documentation often,
so by the time you read this,
it may look a little different than mine does now.
But as it is now, there's a few things I'd like to call out.
For one, re-entrancy is the name of the attack that
was used for the DAO attack that we discussed earlier in the lesson.
You really start seeing this everywhere now.
It's one of the most famous attacks that have happened on the network.
This example isn't exactly the same as we went
over and it goes about it in a slightly different way.
See if you can apply what you learned earlier to find
the similarity between the DAO attack and this code here.
Below that, you'll see a few new things like
gas limits and loops and sending and receiving ether.
Another thing to note is that this callstack depth section is obsolete.
This security vulnerability was fixed using
EIP-150 and is no longer a problem with smart contracts.
It does help to look over it if you like just to see how it did work in the past.
Finally, check out the recommendations they provide on how to make contracts more secure.
This will continue to develop over time and
provides great guidance on how to build secure contracts.
Next, the common patterns sections isn't necessarily about security,
but it helps you understand ways to take common actions with your contract.
This will keep you from needing to reinvent these ideas
in ways that may end up with security vulnerabilities.
So, it's worth taking a look.
You'll find guidance on things like how to withdraw from
contracts and restrict access on this page.
Finally, the style guide is another section that's worth looking at.
Again, this has more to do with
general programming guidelines but as far as I'm concerned,
it absolutely has to do with security as well.
The better you follow the guidelines necessary for making contracts,
the more easy it is to read the contract.
Later in this lesson, we'll get into contract auditing and bug bounties which are
ways to get community support on identifying vulnerabilities within your contract.
These services are a great way to ensure that your contract has been
audit by professionals and the easier it is for them to read,
the more effectively there'll be able to help you.
So, you should always follow coding guidelines.
But in this case, I wanted to point out that they
can help with the security of your contract too.
So, that's it for the documentation.
There's plenty of information here and a lot of information about security.
Hopefully, I helped focus your attention enough that
you're not overwhelmed with the amount of documentation here.
You can take some time to read this now and continue
revisiting the material as solidity continues to evolve.